USAGE_HEADER <flag> ... <source-pathname> <target-directory-pathname>

This program compiles the Compact source program in the file specified by
<source-pathname> and puts the resulting target files into the directory
specified by <target-directory-pathname>.  These target files include a
Typescript equivalent of the Compact source file, Zkir circuit equivalents of
the exported circuits, and proving keys created by running zkir on the zkir
circuits.

The following flags, if present, affect the compiler's behavior as follows:
  --help prints help text and exits.

  --version prints the compiler version and exits.

  --language-version prints the language version and exits.

  --ledger-version prints the ledger version and exits.  The ledger version
    is the version of the ledger that is expected by the generated code.

  --runtime-version prints the runtime version and exits.  The runtime version
    is the version of the Compact runtime JavaScript package that is used by
    generated contract code.

  --feature-zkir-v3 causes the compiler to generate circuits using ZKIR version 3,
    overriding the default (version 2).

  --vscode causes error messages to be printed on a single line so they are
    rendered properly within the VS Code extension for Compact.

  --skip-zk causes the compiler to skip the generation of proving keys.
    Generating proving keys can be time-consuming, so this option is useful when
    debugging only the Typescript output.  The compiler also skips, after
    printing a warning message, the generation of proving keys when it cannot
    find zkir.

  --no-communications-commitment omits the contract communications commitment
    that enables data integrity for contract-to-contract calls.

  --sourceRoot <sourceRoot value> overrides the compiler's setting of the
    sourceRoot field in the generated source-map (.js.map) file.  By default,
    the compiler tries to determine a useful value based on the source and
    target-directory pathnames, but this value might not be appropriate for the
    deployed structure of the application.

  --compact-path <search list> sets the compact path, overriding the default
    value, which is the value of the environment variable COMPACT_PATH, if
    it is set, and empty otherwise.  <search list> should be a colon-separated
    (semicolon-separated under Windows) sequence of directory pathnames.
    The compact path controls where the compiler looks for include and external
    module files with non-absolute pathnames.  It always looks first relative
    to the directory of the including or importing file, then in each directory
    in the compact path from left to right.

  --trace-search causes the compiler to print a sequence of messages saying
    where it is looking for each included file and imported module source file.

  --trace-passes causes the compiler to print tracing information that is
    generally useful only to compiler developers.
